The Joe Rogan experience. Have you tried the new ones?
Like Moxie and TX six or something? What new weed? No.
There's new types of like psychedelics.
I don't need that. The stuff that's real is good enough, please.
People want to try something other than mushrooms?
Like what are you looking for? Assets? Not strong enough.
For you? I don't think there's one that you could turn off. Oh.
You turn it off. Yeah. Like with a switch?
No, like, you know, a couple you're drunk.
You can kind of make yourself sober if you need to.
So this is a psychedelic that you can switch off. Oh, what's it called?
Moxie hold Oxy. It's five MEO. Yeah. Am.
I PC? What is it called?
And then two CBS. The other one. I've heard it two CB from the Kanye song.
That was that from the Kanye.
And a log of the more popular drug, five MEO,
D I P T Foxy Mox. Foxy.
Ms. Roxy. It's got an old timey name. I've never.
Had interesting Foxy methoxy is a great name. Hmm.
So it's like, I guess hipster mushrooms. You probably haven't heard of it.
They're always coming up with new things to avoid certain drug tests where they
just alter a chemical slightly. And it doesn't.
That's where five MEO DMT was not qual classified.
As one of the bands psychedelics in the 1970s,
sweeping psychedelic act and N dimethyltryptamine was,
was labeled five. MEO is DMT with an oxygen molecule attached to it,
which eliminates some, I don't know exactly how it works,
but the visuals are very different. It looks very different.
It feels very different. It's way more potent. And it was legal forever.
Like you could order it in the year, two thousands.
We would get it from a chemical company where you ordered over the internet and
they would send you like an aspirin bottle of the.
And you could literally put the entire city on the moon with that astronaut,
that little aspirin bottle. That's amazing. It was so potent.
And it's this white pure powder that is like straight from this lab,
pharmaceutical grade, pharmaceutical grade, not for human consumption,
five methoxy dimethyltryptamine. And we, we took it.
It just puts you in the center of the universe.
You feel like you're a part of every cell and every atom and every neutron,
every everything you're, you're part of everything.
You're in the soup of it all. There's no detachment between you and things.
Everything just wall, you disappear for like 15 minutes.
You're sure you're dead. You're absolutely 100% sure you're dead.
And it probably is what happens when you die and then you come out of it.
You're like, what in the?
Like I just got that from a company that has order that with a visa card that
gets crazy. This is pre PayPal. This was, uh,
you you'd be able to just buy this stuff.
Like there was a host of these different things like, um,
do you remember a salvia?
Oh, I was just talking about the days. That's the legal or not. I don't know.
It's a good question because it's kind of fallen out of favor.
It's not something that people talk about a lot,
but when people found out that you could just get salvia from a head shop. Yeah.
Head shops is supposed to be, you can buy bongs, you can buy velvet posters,
but there's nothing there that can get you up.
But then they started selling salvia because he was somehow illegal.
And he was one of the most mind blowing,
psychedelics known demand for 10 minutes. Yeah. It's unbelievably powerful.
Ari Shaffir did some on a podcast.
And he lived in alternative life for three months. He had a family, he had jobs.
He had friends. And then all of a sudden he came back to reality.
I love this book in an alternate reality. Our ship you're his friends.
Yes. He has friends in real life.
I'm one of his friends that he had different friends that I didn't even know.
He just went into this place and lived another life.
I think he was under the ocean too. Yeah, there he is right there. Oh, wow.
He's gone. And he was getting red ban of course filmed it. And so he was,
and he got very violent when he woke up to like violent,
violent it's everybody was because it's disorienting.
Yeah. He's confused. You're physically paralyzed.
Yeah. So he was, he's like, get off me. Get off of me, Sam.
Tripoli's got his sunglasses on. It was chaos. Anyway, he, um,
he came out of it and he said that while he was out for 10 minutes,
he lived like three months in a different world. Jeez.
All right.
And then you have to wonder if that's the real one and this is the fake one. Ah,
am I wrong?
No, you're not wrong. That's what, apparently,
when you would have the Catholic priest going down the aisle waving,
that would either be Sage, which is,
I think cleansing derivative of salvia.
Divinorum I think not a derivative, a cousin, maybe a close relative.
I think Sage and salvia divinorum are extremely close in terms of
like, uh, the genus.
Genus genus. Gina said, what's the genus for Sage.
I think it's real close. I think it's,
it's one of those things where they think that maybe people were burning that,
but, uh, they were probably also most definitely burning cannabis.
And so they were wafting through the aisles with cannabis smoke,
getting everybody secondhand high. Huh? Yeah.
And that's going to have that experience to take them into this
Catholic journey. You know, the guy's wearing a robe, just,
just go these stained glass windows everywhere. Like holy. And look at the,
the epic structure. Like you're looking at these gigantic beautiful artworks.
They're calling buildings, Sage or salvia.
Okay. All.
Sages are salvia. Wow. Over time though,
the term stage has been closely aligned with cooking or medicinal use.
And the term salvia has been given to more ornamental members of the genus
genus. Nevertheless,
salvia is the Latin name or genus given to all these plants. Yeah.
So Sage is salvia.
So salvia divinorum this incredibly potent psychedelic is common
Sage. Wow.
Or close in basic purposes.
Yeah. In the neighborhood of it.
And it's a, it's like a mix of acid in a week.
Those guys tripping balls.
Sudden those guys are walking around with salvia blowing, salvia smoke.
That that's not a coincidence, man. They could have picked Cedar bark. Right.
They chose some super potent psychedelic and wafted through the
air as they're walking back and forth.
The theory that the Salem witch trials are because they're all eating our God.
Yeah.
Frost. Yeah. Early. Yeah. Early frost. Yeah. Th th that,
that apparently is a really good one. Like they,
they really think that that really could have been. Yeah.
Well, they also, there's a book called the Oracle about the Oracle at Delphi.
Right.
And she had these visions and she would prophecy the future and they went there
and they found that they found her stool. She was sitting over, or her.
Stool that she said.
It's got three legs to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought like an animal cop cop.
What's it called? Cop bro. What's the thing for dinosaur poo fossilized,
copper something. Oh, um, they, they, you can get those, um, dinosaur poo. Yeah.
Fossilized. Yeah. Um, she, so they found,
she was sitting over a crack with natural gas coming out.
So she's getting high off of whatever that is.
Oh, no.
So there was natural gas leaking out to the ground where she was partying. Yeah.
Yeah.
So of course she's going to be speaking jibberish and having all these visions.
Cause she's getting, it's like pop it's like not like, like, um, like a,
when you inhale.
The laughing gas, when you go to the.
Yeah. Oh, nitrous opening.
It totally makes sense. Yeah. I think that's probably a lot of these cases.
Of course, wacky things that people did. I mean,
it only makes sense. I mean, they,
they never did figure out what Soma is in the ancient Hindu.
Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. They,
they think it might've been some kind of psychedelic, but they don't know what,
like there's all this different speculation.
Like some people think it was accommodator story that it was, uh, it was like,
silicide been mixed with something else and Lotus flower,
there's all these like different, different theories, but nobody really knows.
But Soma was obviously something that they were taking as a sacrament that would
have these profound effects.
That's most likely the root of all of these crazy religious experiences.
These people were tripping their balls off and they weren't lying.
Like God did come to them real. Yeah. Yeah.
God did come to them out of the burning Bush and spoke to them.
And that's the other thing that the burning Bush,
they think that these scholars in Jerusalem think that the burning Bush is
probably the Acacia Bush, which is rich and DMT. Oh.
So that's probably why this is the, the metaphor, right? The,
the burning Bush and God spoke to them in the burning Bush.
That's probably what it really means. They were tripping.
They were smoking it tripping balls and they met God and he came back with it.
This is the only way we're going to get along.
We've got to stop raping each other.
And the other thing is a lot of these old mystery religions, right?
You have to be initiated into them.
And if you're going to join this cult or whatever, for lack of a better term,
and they give you here, take this, you are going to experience something.
Not only that, no one ever that you've ever heard of, but like,
you don't even know how to handle it.
And it's it's will change your life permanently,
but there's no vocabulary for it there.
It's not like now where you know what acid is. You're like, holy,
this is religious. Right.
You would think it's God, God. Yeah.
Unless it's bad. When you meet the devil.
That guy, uh, John Marco Allegro, do you know who he is?
He's a guy who deciphered the dead sea scrolls. Oh, okay.
We've worked on the panel for 14 years. And he wrote a serious,
seriously controversial book. He was an ordained minister,
but he was the only one on the dead sea scroll translation group that they put
together. That was agnostic because he started studying while he was,
he was a ordained minister. But then he started studying theology and was like,
this is all crazy. Like, what is this? So he became agnostic.
And he wanted to look at the etymology of the words. And so he,
it was his conclusion after 14 years that the entire Christian religion was a
gigantic misunderstanding.
And what it really was about was psychedelic mushroom experiences and
fertility rituals.
And he broke down the word Jesus to an ancient word that
an ancient Sumerian word,
that means a mushroom covered in God's seaman.
And the idea was that the rain,
which would make everything grow was God's comm. And that it wasn't a bad thing.
Like they didn't think of comm as bad. They wanted to live. Everybody wanted it.
They wanted to have children. They wanted to prosper.
And that when the rain would come,
mushrooms would appear almost instantaneously. Like, have you ever seen
[inaudible]? And when they would eat those, they would trip their balls off.
So they had decided that this was Jesus and that this, this,
this was what was God's.
Son. God created this from his own seed.
Well, this is what Marco Legros. His research was pointing to.
He was trying to say that what was really going on was these people were trying
to hide a lot of what the psychedelic rituals are from the Romans and
from the people that captured them. So they hid them in stories and parables,
and there was all sorts of problems in the translations. There's just like,
you know, you're taking things from ancient Hebrew,
and you breaking it down to Latin and you break it down to German and English.
And.
I can't, I can't believe he got a positive reception for this.
If you're taking on didn't necessarily, he, uh,
the book got bought out okay.
By the Catholic church and then recently reinstated and then got out
it, they bought it. They liked the, I think they took it off the market.
I think you used to be able to only get a,
a copy of it used to only be able to get a, um, like an,
a used copy. Okay. And then Jaan Irvin put it out.
He republished it like a few, I don't want to say maybe eight,
10 years ago. So now he can get ahold,
but he also published another book after they took that one back. When I think,
I don't know the total history of it,
but he published a second book and the second book was the dead sea scrolls and
the Christian myth. And the first one was the sacred mushroom in the cross. Wow.
But it only makes sense if you think about people who lived back then,
and we know that psychedelic mushrooms aren't recent right. Existed forever.
Right. So these people found them and they most certainly did. Yes.
There's a lot of depictions of them. And there's also a lot of iconography,
a lot of, um, like, like you,
you see shapes that resemble mushrooms like all over the place and some of the
ancient artwork and even people that are dancing naked under the
influence of a mushroom.
So there's a translucent mushroom shape that surrounds them.
And these ancient paintings and these religious paintings,
these people are dancing. So most likely they were tripping balls. Well,
if you didn't know any better,
of course you would think that's God talking to you.
If you didn't know what psilocybin is,
you didn't know what dimethyltryptamine is. You didn't know what.
Well, you're also going to hear voice literal voices. So it's not even like,
you're like, it's not a metaphor. You're going to hear a voice talking to you.
Right.
So people that think that like these people who created religion were all liars,
they're probably more likely trippers.
Because if you look at all these religious stories,
they're all crazy and weird and fantastical and wonderful.
But most of them are like guides to live
life in a more virtuous or pious or
moral way. Right. That's what most sure.
The tenants of a lot of these religions, that's what you get when you trip,
when you, you trip, you get, you gotta be a better person. Yeah.
That's what you get. You get this like profound humility, a humbling,
shouldn't say humiliation,
but humbling in the face of this Titanic expression and experience that
you can't even describe with words. And then after it's over.
Want to be a better person.
And there's also a sense of comfort that it's going to be okay,
this is going to be, which is what religion traditionally gives a lot of people,
like a sense of reassurance that someone's looking out.
You're not going to accidentally, you know, go.
So you get a feeling that even if it's not okay, it's okay. Right.
Like when you die, it's okay. When you trip balls,
like one of the things that Larry Hagman say, remember Larry Hagman from Dallas.
Yes. I will say Dallas is probably the greatest show of all time.
Great show that is, and people confuse with dynasty, which was trashy garbage.
Dallas was one of the speech. I think it's literally the best show. All.
What's his name Jr. What was this? What are you doing? That's right. Well,
he tripped balls and talked about it on CNN and said that it was one of the best
experiences of his life because he no longer was afraid of death.
That before that he was afraid of death.
And the one thing that tripping and tripping hard apparently really did forms
that he no longer held that fear.
He had stared death in the face. Cause it was alcoholism. You know,
he had to have a liver transplant or whatever it was. So it was no joke.
He was a huge alcoholic.